# `MQL-SDK version v1.1`
*Released in April 30<sup>th</sup>, 2023*
#

**Update 1.1.1** <NA>
#
Welcome to the <date> release of MQL-SDK. Below there is a list with all the updates of this version.

- **[Docummentation Links Improved](#docummentation-links-fixed)** - Now the links on the modules table in the ReadMe files redirect to the actual docummentation file.
- **[Improved Readme](#improved-readme)** - A new header was added to the readme file.
- **[MQL Package Extended](#new-modules)** - We added a module for the **MQL** package.
- **[New Package Added](#terminal-package-added)** - We added a new package to control the Metatrader terminal from code.

# Issues Addressed
## Docummentation Links Fixed
We found a bug where the links in the ReadMe files only were working in local. They were fixed for this new version. <br><br>

# New Enhancements
## New Modules
Lot of new libraries were added for this version release. The list of the new mocules is below:

### **For MQL Package**
* **Files**: This module help you to handle CSV, TXT, DAT, LOG, and SET files.

### **Terminal Package Added**
We added the terminal package that allows you to control your metatrader terminal from code simulating manual clicks, mouse moves, and keyboard entries.

This package includes the following modules:
* **NewOrder**: This module sends manual orders from code.
* **OneClick**: This module send buy & sell orders manually using the One Click Trading window. Fastest than the New Order module if you send market prositions.
* **AutoTrading**: This module toggle the Autotrading button from code.

## Improved ReadMe
Now you can check some useful information of the SDK from the ReadMe header such as the license, the last release, and the files sizes.